https://google.com/search?q=ineuron

https://google.com ---> domain

/search ---> path

? = query string begins

q = ineuorn means key and value..

  q is key and ineuron is value

& is a separator


NODE JS Architecture

	Contains 3 major things

		1) Event Queue
	
		2) Event Loop

		3) Thread Pool

	Whenever we requests it will went into event queue.

	Later event loop checks if it requires any compputational power,connection with database or connection with file system..

	If it requires conn with db, comp power then that particular request sends to thread pool by event loop.

	Thread Pool then connects with the db

Server

	Domain

	Port (65535)

		react port- 3000
		mongodb   - 27017
		express   - 8000/8080
	
	Listen

        server listen for requests


Web Application Workflow

	when client/user hits the request it will goto frontend part and if doesn't need any backend data it will show the page..

	If we want any user data from backend, our frontend will requests backend with an api call and then middleware comes into picture..

	First middleware checks for login validations, like user is valid or not, user has access to that particular page ...etc

	and then if all are correct then our backend takes data from the db, and sends response to frontend part.


TYPES OF DATABASES

	two types

	1) SQL  
	
		(RELATIONAL DB)

		Format - tables
		
		ex- mysql

	2) NO SQL 

		(Non RELATIONAL DB)

		Format - json (key value pair)

		ex- mongodb


MVC ARCITECTURE

	MODEL VIEW CONTROLLER

	Model 	--> DB

	View  	--> Frontend (presentation)

	Controller  --> Backend logic


Middleware 

	It has access to req, res and next

	Which lies in backend to check validations..

	Ex- if u goto amazon and gone to checkout page without login it redirects us to login page which is nothing but middlware tells if any one not logged     
          in and going to checkout redirect them to login first.


Password Hashing

	We use bcrypt to hash the password

Storing Media

	We are doesn't store all our media like videos,images into our db because it will take more bandwith slow.. 

	So what we are gonna do is to store them in services like "CLOUDINARY", "AMAZON S3"..etc and these will give link of that particular media..

	Then we store that link our database.. 
	